PERSONAL INFORMATION
Leonardo David Luna Nicolás
Integration Developer
Zaragoza, Puebla, México
+52 222 9082 281
leonardo.luna.nicolas@outlook.com
https://github.com/LeonardoDavidLuna
https://leonardodavidluna.github.io/Portafolio/

ABOUT ME
I am Leonardo Luna, a programmer specializing in data integration software with expertise in leading tools such as webMethods, MuleSoft, and Seeburger. My professional career has focused on designing and developing integration solutions that facilitate the flow of data between diverse systems, optimizing processes and enhancing operational efficiency. If you are looking for someone who can analyze your integration processes and elevate your systems to the next level, I would be delighted to discuss how I can contribute value to your team.

EXPERIENCE
APR/2025 - Present
Sublime Design - webMethods / MuleSoft Consultant, (Remote)
I was responsible for performing all configurations for a development server, defining IP addresses, ports, firewall rules and scripts batch to access it.
I configured database connections from Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, and PostgreSQL
I configured the data integrators: webMethods and MuleSoft, as well as their connections to the databases using JDBC adapters.
I created and maintained stored procedures in Oracle with PL/SQL and executed them from Integration Server.
I designed APIs for managing customer purchase orders and generated reports from Oracle stored procedures to create CSV files with UM Server.

DEC/2023 – JUN/2024
Mark Anthony Wine - Solutions Architect, (Remote)
I developed an interface to track developer performance from exported Jira reports (XLSX), using Anypoint Studio, Git, DataWeave, and REST APIs.
I used connectors to extract data into files for workflow construction and Dataweave languange to transform it.
I managed dependencies with Maven and version control with Git.
I designed and developed experience and system layers, integrated with Microsoft SQL Server.
I I created documentation on the endpoints, methods and examples of the APIs in Confluence.

MAY/2023 – SEP/2023
OXXO - Integration Consultant, (Remote)
I analyzed and documented interfaces developed in webMethods for their migration to a microservices architecture on AWS.
I collaborated on the adaptation of webMethods workflow services and PL/SQL code to Java microservices, ensuring functional continuity.
I collaborated on the architectural design of the new cloud solution on AWS.
I performed extensive testing and debugging of webMethods interfaces and Oracle databases to facilitate the development of the new microservices.
I validated the parity of results between the webMethods interfaces and the new microservices.
I used Enterprise Architect to model the functionality and architecture of the interfaces.

OCT/2022 – MAR/2023
Hoffman / Magna - Integration Consultant, Puebla, México
I developed data mappings from IDOC and CSV files using BIS Designer (Seeburger) for generating client invoices.
I managed Microsoft SQL Server databases for invoice stamping, correcting rounding errors and data entry.
I collaborated on the development of a web portal for clients (Hoffmann and Magna) for invoice generation.
I developed microservices using Java, JPA, NetBeans, Angular, and web services.
I designed and corrected errors in reports generated with Jasper Reports.
I managed Windows Servers in the context of integration processes.

MAR/2022 – AUG/2022
Colgate-Palmolive - EDI Data Integration Specialist, Puebla, México
I configured Partner Profiles, Trading Partner Agreements, and Processing Rules in myWebMethods.
I validated the standard EDIFACT EDI message structure (DESADV, RECADV, OSTRP, INSDES, INVRPT) and mapped transactions between Colgate and customers.
I monitored EDI transactions through Trading Network to ensure integrity and correct data transmission.
I corrected and optimized “Split-Line” development for the 856 standard (ANSI X12 EDI) to eliminate duplicate segments in the EDI structure for Colgate North America customers.
I migrated Java Services to Flow Service to maintain functionality in Integration Server 10.2.

JUN/2021 – FEB/2022
OXXO - Interface Maintenance, Puebla, México
I applied client development standards in the creation and modification of mappings with new business rules. I implemented JDBC connections to Oracle databases to execute SQL queries and analyzed PL/SQL code. I managed FTP files generated by interfaces and the Universal Messaging (UM) server for asynchronous executions. I resolved errors, performed debugging, and created diagrams (sequence, components, entity-relationship) for new solutions. I administered Integration Server: groups, users, adapters, global variables, and execution schedulers. I deployed changes between development, testing, and production environments.

OTHER ACTIVITIES
DEC/2024 - Present
Project Manager and Full-Stack Developer, Zaragoza, México
I lead the creation and management of a brand and marketing company specializing in product sublimation, managing operations, design, finance, and production.
I developed and maintain a CRM website for managing customers, products, suppliers, sales and databases.

AUG/2012 - AUG/2018
Full-Stack Developer, University
I developed university management systems, minigames with JS to teach English to children, 2D video games, and 3D animations with Autodesk Maya. I collaborated in the development of medical systems using React/React Native and Laravel. I created embedded systems with prototyped electronic boards (Arduino), sensors, and motors in a Line-Following Robot and War Robots. I developed an Android application for expense management, as well as a video game using Raspberry Pi, gyroscope sensor, and Python. I kept a diary for 5 years with over 30,000 pages, among many other projects.

EDUCATION
	Computer Science Engineer
	Benemérita Universidad Autónoma de Puebla
	2012 - 2018
	Puebla, México

CERTIFICATIONS
	OCT/2021
	Software AG Certified webMethods Integration Professional
	MAY/2022
	SAP Certified Development Associate - ABAP with SAP NetWeaver 7.50

SOFT SKILLS
	Organized
	Creative
	Teamwork
	Adaptability
	Critical Thinking

LANGUAGES
	Spanish (Native)
	English (B2)
	French  (Hobbie)

TECHNOLOGIES
Integrations
	webMethods
	MuleSoft
	Seeburger
	SAP ABAP
	JDBC
	Java Services
	REST/SOAP Services

Databases
	SQL
	Oracle DB
	Microsoft SQL Server
	MySql
	PL/SQL
	SQLite
	
Frameworks, IDEs and more
	Netbeans / Eclipse / VSCode
	Android Studio
	Intellij
	Git / GitHub / GitLab
	CodeIgniter / Laravel / Angular
	Wordpress
	Elementor Designer
	Bootstrap
	Jasper Reports
	JPA
	Spring Boot
	Maven / Gradle
	Docker
	React / React Native / Expo Server
	Postman / ARC

Hardware and OS
	Arduino / Raspberry Pi
	Sensors
	Windows / Linux / Android

Animation and Design
	AutoDesk Maya (3D Animation)
	Stencyl (Videogames development 2D)
	Piskels (Pixels Design)
	Canva
	Development Languages
	Java
	JavaScript
	PHP
	C#, C++, C
	Python
	Kotlin
	Dataweave

HOBBIES
	Gardening
	Cycling
	Photography
	Traveling
	Designing
	Pets
	Hiking
	Writing
	Organizing
	Learning
